Add EVENT.md to consolidate click/view explainers (#286)
WICG/conversion-measurement-api: EVENT.md

```

 `event` sources do not require any user interaction and are registered via
 `<a>` or `<img>` tags with the new `attributionsrc` attribute too:
```html
<a href="https://advertiser.example/landing"
   registerattributionsrc
   attributionsrc="https://adtech.example/attribution_source?my_ad_id=123" >
</a>
<!-- TODO: is view registration via an `<a>` tag necessary?
    It requires a new attribute. -->

<img src="https://advertiser.example/pixel" 
     attributionsrc="https://adtech.example/attribution_source?my_ad_id=123" />
```
or via a JavaScript API:
```javascript
window.attributionReporting.registerAttributionSource(
  "https://adtech.example/attribution_source?my_ad_id=123");
```

Each of these mechanisms will cause the browser to initiate a `keepalive` fetch
request to the URL indicated by `attributionsrc`. The request will include a new
HTTP header `Attribution-Reporting-Source-Info` which will include whether the
source was a `navigation` or `event` source.

The response to this request will configure the API. The browser will expect
data in a new JSON HTTP header `Attribution-Reporting-Register-Source` which
configures the API:

```json
{

>   source_event_id: "12340873456",

Reviewer: This section is rendering in red, we should wrap the keys in quotes so it parses as valid JSON (and/or consider just dropping the specified)

additional complexities behind handling clicks on the iframe). Using Permissions
Policy prevents the need for these hacks. This is inline with the classification
of powerful features as discussed on [this
issue](https://github.com/w3c/webappsec-permissions-policy/issues/252).

### Triggering Attribution

Attribution can only be triggered for a source on a page whose eTLD+1 matches
 the eTLD+1 of the site provided in `destination`. To trigger attribution, a
similar mechanism is used as source event registration, via HTML:
```html
<img src="https://ad-tech.example/conversionpixel" 
     attributionsrc=”https://adtech.example/attribution_trigger?purchase=13” />
```
or JavaScript:
```javascript
window.attributionReporting.registerAttributionTrigger(
    "https://adtech.example/attribution_trigger?purchase=13")
```
TODO: Finalize whether the `attributionsrc` attribute should be optional to
support legacy HTML tags for triggers.

Like source event registrations, these requests should respond with a new HTTP
header `Attribution-Reporting-Register-Event-Trigger` which contains information
about how to treat the trigger event:
```json
[{

>     trigger_data: "[unsigned 64-bit integer]"

Reviewer: ditto

    was associated with a navigation.

-   `randomized_trigger_rate`: Decimal number between 0 and 1 indicating how
    often noise is applied.

### Data Encoding

The source event id and trigger data should be specified in a way that is
amenable to the privacy assurances a browser wants to provide (i.e. the number
of distinct data states supported).

The input values will be 64-bit integers which the browser will interpret modulo
its maximum data value chosen by the browser. The browser will take the input
and performs the equivalent of:

```javascript
function getData(input, max_value) {
  return input % max_value;
}
```

The benefit of this method over using a fixed bit mask is that it allows
browsers to implement max\_values that aren’t multiples of 2. That is, browers
can choose a "fractional" bit limit if they want to.

### Optional attribution filters

Source and trigger registration has additional optional functionality to both:
1. Selectively filter some triggers (effectively ignoring them)
1. Choose trigger data based on source event data

This can be done via simple extensions to the registration configuration.

Source registration:
```json
{

>   source_event_id: "12345678",

Reviewer: ditto

  destination: "https://toasters.example",
  expiry: "604800000"
  source_data: {
    conversion_subdomain: ["electronics.megastore"
                           "electronics2.megastore"],
    product: "1234",
    // Note that "source_type" will be automatically generated as
    // one of {"navigation", "event"}
  }
}
```
Trigger registration will now accept an option header
`Attribution-Reporting-Filters`:
```json
{

>   conversion_subdomain: "electronics.megastore"

Reviewer: ditto

`source_data` and `filters` are only allowed to have integer, string, list
values. A list value for a key may only have integer or string items.

The `Attribution-Reporting-Register-Event-Trigger` header can also be extended
to do selective filtering to set `trigger_data` based on `source_data`:
```json
// Filter by the source type to handle different bit limits.
[{
  trigger_data: "2",
  // Note that “not_filters” which filters with a negation is also supported.
  filters: {source_type: "navigation"}
},
{
  trigger_data: "1",
  filters: {source_type: "event"}
}]
```
### Optional: extended debugging reports

The Attribution Reporting API is a new and fairly complex way to do attribution
measurement without third-party cookies. As such, we are open to introducing a
transitional mechanism to learn more information about attribution reports
_while third-party cookies are available_. This ensures that the API can be
fully understood during roll-out and help flush out any bugs (either in browser
or caller code), and more easily compare the performance to cookie-based
alternatives.

Source and trigger registration will accept a new parameter `debug_key`:
```json
{

>     ...

Reviewer: ditto

    debug_key: "[64-bit unsigned integer]"
}
```

If a report is created with source+trigger debug keys, a duplicate debug report
will be sent immediately to a `.well-known/attribution-reporting/debug`
endpoint. The debug reports will be a JSON dictionary with both debug keys:
```json
{

>     source_debug_key: "[64-bit unsigned integer]",

Reviewer: ditto

    trigger_debug_key: "[64-bit unsigned integer]"
}
```

Normal reports will also include two new parameters which pass the debug keys
from source and trigger events unaltered. This allows tying normal reports to the
separate stream of debug reports.
```json
{
    ...

>     source_debug_key: "[64-bit unsigned integer]",

Reviewer: ditto

and trigger registration) for the presence of a special `SameSite=None` cookie
set by the reporting origin:
```http
Set-Cookie: ar_debug=1; SameSite=None; Secure; HttpOnly
```
If a cookie of this form is not present, debugging information will be ignored.
## Sample Usage

`publisher.example` wants to show ads on their site, so they contract out to
`ad-tech.example`. `ad-tech.example`'s script in the main document creates a
cross-origin iframe to host the third party advertisement for
`toasters.example`.

Within the iframe, `toasters.example` code annotates their anchor tags to use
the `ad-tech.example` reporting origin.

```html
<iframe src="https://ad-tech-3p.example/show-some-ad" 
        allow="attribution-reporting">
...
<a 
  href="https://toasters.example/purchase"
  attributionsrc="https://ad-tech.example?adid=123456">
  click me!
</a>
...
</iframe>
```

A user clicks on the ad and this opens a window that lands on a URL to
`toasters.example/purchase`. In the background, the browser issues an HTTP
request to `https://ad-tech.example?adid=123456`. The ad-tech responds with a
`Attribution-Reporting-Register-Source` JSON header:
```json
{

>   source_event_id: "12345678",

Reviewer: ditto

  destination: "https://toasters.example",
  expiry: "604800000"
}
```

2 days later, the user buys something on `toasters.example`. `toasters.example`
triggers attribution on the few different ad-tech companies it buys ads on,
including `ad-tech.example`, by adding conversion pixels:

```html
<img src="...” attributionsrc=”https://ad-tech.example/trigger-attribution?model=toastmaster3000&price=$49.99&..." />
```

`ad-tech.example` receives this request, and decides to trigger attribution on
`toasters.example`. They must compress all of the data into 3 bits, so
`ad-tech.example` chooses to encode the value as “2" (e.g. some bucketed version
of the purchase value). They respond to the request with a
`Attribution-Reporting-Register-Event-Trigger` header:
```json
[{

>     trigger_data: "2"

Reviewer: ditto

rest of the time period for reports matching that tuple.

The longer the cooldown windows are, the harder it is to abuse the API and join
identity. Ideally report thresholds should be low enough to avoid leaking too
much information, with cooldown windows as long as practically possible.

Note that splitting these limits by the reporting origin introduces a possible
leak when multiple origins collude with each other. However, the alternative
makes it very difficult to adopt the API if all reporting origins had to share a
budget.

Strawman rate limit: 100 reports per {source site, destination, reporting
origin, 30 days}

### Less trigger-side data

Registering event attribution sources is not gated on a user interaction or top-
level navigation, allowing them to be registered more frequently and with
greater ease. For example, by restricting to 1 bit of data and 1 report per
event source, a `reportingorigin` would need to register many more sources in
order to link cross-site identity relative to the Click Through API.

This is further restricted by rate-limiting the usage of the API between two
sites, using [reporting

> cooldowns](event_attribution_reporting_clicks.md#reporting-cooldown). Due to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cooldowns](#reporting-cooldown--rate-limits). Due to the
```
